the possibility question to be ask to you
Q : Describe about you 
A : Someone who has high standard of each work. adding value in every job i worked.  I am confident in my ability to develop and problem solve, and I like to meet new people.”
Q : Why you're leaving your previous job
A : Actually, I like being in mitrais, and that is the reason why I left, the company become my comfort zone... I wanna experiencing new workplace, new homestay..
Q : What is your weakness
A : weakness is blindspot... manager feedback.... additional enhancement... added value to the task im working
Q : What do you see about yourself in five years
A : student one of the university in germany, speak german, pursuing master degree
Q : Interest 
A : I like to having complete process of software engineer
Q : Background 
A : Having alot of background, spread from sharepoint mvc web form, drupal, and episerver, but im not very in depth knowledge in one of those technology
Q : Motivation
A : Experiencing new workplace, new environment, like to try livit work environment
Q : Why should we hired you ?
A : I have out of the box way of thinking, I can adapt quickly, and i have vast of exposure in different technologies to prove that im quite fast learner for a new things

Im quite passionate of logical challenge

weakness : make a documentation of things ( not good at documenatate things )
question : 
how is everydays work at livit 
do you 

--- pitch introduction : My name is Harris, I've been working as a software engineer for ten years, the technology I frequently used is C#, VB.net for the back end,  SQL Server, Oracle for the Database, CSS, Jquery, HTML 5 for the front end, and MVC for the frontend framework, and recently, I'm quite familiar with angular, since I self-learned this for a while.  And for my experience as a Fullstack Developer, I was always a full-stack developer, since from the first time I worked as a Software Engineer at Mitrais, there is no separation between frontend and back end, so it's always full-stack.From the business standpoint, I have covered mining, workshop, banking, accounting, insurance, hospital, inventory, etc. So based on my experience in various business processes, I would say that I could bring more value rather than just being a full-stack developer, I could connect business with technologies, full-stack is only in the development stages, and I could cover the work from the requirement stages, analysis stages, then, of course, development stage. I'm quite a fast learner and would like to learn new things and technology, just don't know where to start. so if its required, I don't mind learning new technologies that I don't have right now.

--- whats your biggest achievement : I have many things I could proud of, like once there is a project, six months project and have three phase, for the first phase we are spent 3 months to develop, behind the schedule, but we somehow finished the project in four months, ahead of the schedule 2 months.
for the career perspective, my biggest achievement is when I working as a partner with company to do the project,

--- what is your strength : 
Experience, I have covered various business process, so I could work directly with the user, there is no need for business analyst and system analyst
Fast Learner, I am trained with new requirement every project and have to update with recent technologies each year, so i believe that im a fast learner
Don't mind to learn new thing, I don't mind to learn new things and technologies that I dont know.

--- What is you weakness :
Public speaking, I don't use any grammar when I explain things and lack of intonation when im explaining, also i feel that somehow I lack of imagination when Im elaborate my point
Want to know all things, sometime i think i focused in one thing is more valuable rather than know all things, but just a nutshell

-- list of question : 
career, 
benefit,
technology
 
why async : to scale up the application, so when the table consist of 1000 data, the performance is not quite different instead if the table consist of 1 data
cors : alloworigin (domain), allowmethod (httppost/httpget), allowheader ( authorization / contenttype)
httpinterceptor : can intercept any http, request or response.
localstorage / sessionstorage : localstorage save the value after the application is closed from the device, sessionstorage is not
authorization should be registered on the middleware
authguard 
lazyload only load when it is needed

my name is harris, I've been working as a software engineer for ten years, since 2012, in mitrais, where i got most of my  

